you can only push the boundaries if you
have the necessary potential if you're
ready to strive for every tenth of a
second and fight it out for every
hundredth of a second for those who
don't wait but for those who don't
hesitate but shift up a gear faster than
all the others
every gear change shortens your laptop
unroot to your new personal best
just above ground level and low at the
rear is the newly developed flat-six
engine which peaks at 9,000 rpm
maximum torque of 440 Newton meters is
available at six thousand two hundred
and fifty rpm the high revving engine
fully exploits its 3.8 liter capacity to
generate a power output of 350 kilo
Watts 475 horsepower
the sports exhaust system reduces the
exhaust back pressure and thus increases
efficiency
the new 911 gt3 boasts incredible powers
of acceleration completing the sprint
from 0 to 100 km/h in just 3.5 seconds
all the way up to a top speed of 315
km/h nevertheless fuel consumption and
co2 emissions are lower than on the
previous model this is thanks to a
weight to power ratio of just 4.1
kilograms per kilo watt 3 kilograms per
horsepower and direct fuel injection dfi
featured in a 911 gt3 model for the
first time
a sporting premiere in the new 911 gt3
seven-speed Porsche topic Oakland PD K
is fitted as standard for gear shifts
with millisecond precision the short
ratios designed specifically for the
racetrack with a 50% reduction in shift
throw
with a performance-oriented seventh gear
engineered for maximum speed
in sport mode the gear changes are even
more dynamic and the shift points are
raised even further
or gearshift action just like the
professionals